I think this is May 26th an
informational video had a bit of an
incident with mr. would junker today had
to run it on wood and I usually spent
most of my time on this side of the
machine so there's no guard on it per se
but you'd pretty well have to you'd have
to really work hard to get yourself in
there and get get caught up however on
the other side which I seldom spend any
time I had the misfortune of becoming
engaged with the machine will say that
there but you can see where I should
have a garden place obesity so trying to
adjust that screw in there with the
motor hoppin and it was in gear which is
a mistake number one other than the GERD
so I'm basically I positioned this way
and I just got too close to it it came
and hooked me in the belly yeah you can
see some of it there so that was good
for a trip to the hospital so two things
brought that about this here is not bik
that olds that disengaged and the bolt
broke off so I was just using this chunk
of wood which wasn't in place at the
time so that
would it save me the the injury if that
was not messed up getting in a hurry and
you know not wanting to maintain stuff
I'm just wanting to get things done so
I'm gonna force myself to put a guard on
there now and I'm posting this for you
know anybody else you might benefit from
it yeah I very seldom get injured on
anything like this but that was
basically carelessness that led up to it
so I'll post a picture of the injury and
it's not serious is gonna be a bit
painful and I have to be careful with
keeping a cleaning and all that so yeah
I think that's about it uh it was
actually running pretty good on what
guess up and until that point yeah I
think it was well I got a I got this
bucket chunked here no this is very hard
stuff do with all Winwood and it's dry
dry dry so you can hear it snapping so
that's very useful right now and
thankfully I had to drive two down on
gasoline just because I wasn't kind of
hurry but I drove back on wood that's
pretty useful okay that'll be enough of
this informational video don't do what I
just did audio